an unusual match kicks off in this camp
for the displaced in Rafa 50 Palestinian
teenagers are playing for the win but
their goal goes far beyond the pitch
this event is not sporting event it's
opportunity to send a message for all
the world asking for ceasefire for
ending the war and ending the suffering
of children in Gaza
Strip fans young and old have come to
cheer them on
Rafa is now home to more than 600,000
children and their families displaced by
the war and it's where Israel forces say
they're planning a new ground
offensive most of gaza's major football
stadiums have been damaged turned into
open air internment camps for
Palestinian detainees or simply
destroyed and the Israeli bombardment
has thrown young players into
displacement and poverty
then I previously played for palestine's
Olympic team but this Wars devastated
our future despite receiving several
offers to play for clubs outside the
country including in Libya and Vietnam I
couldn't accept them due to the current
circumstances traveling from here to
Egypt cost around
$5,000 which is an exorbitant amount
given the current
situation organized by an American
charity this match is held to Rally
football fans around the world
our people deserve respect and have the
right to live despite the destruction
and Siege the Palestinian people never
failed to show resilience and are
determined to live with looming threats
of further attacks on Rafa young
Palestinians are hoping the beautiful
game can help them Reach a peaceful
future iptm gfood Al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer